README.md, before:

# Data Science for the Biomedical Sciences

This is the repository for the [`ds4biomed`](https://ds4biomed.tech/) materials.

## Download files and data

You can download the files and data to follow along the materials by clicking the green "Code" button on the top.
Then you can click "Download ZIP" to download the files.

## Binder cloud environment

If you cannot get R + Rstudio installed on your computer to follow along with the lesson materials.
We have provided a binder instance that has everything set up for you.
The downside is that it will take a *very* long time to spin up and you will need to manually export any files you create.

Please see the binder section in the lesson materials for more information about useage and setup: https://ds4biomed.tech/setup.html#binder

- Complete RStudio environment: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/chendaniely/ds4biomed/learner?urlpath=rstudio)<- click that
- Semi-complete RStudio environment: [![Binder](http://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](http://mybinder.org/v2/gh/binder-examples/r/master?urlpath=rstudio)
  - This environment may load faster, but you need to do some additional set up.
  - Please follow these instructions to finish the setup:
  - https://ds4biomed.tech/setup.html#binder


## Technical notes

The files for the book are hosted in the `master` branch.
The `learner` branch contains the data and folder structure for leaners going through the materials

Commit message:

update binder section in readme

README.md, after:

# Data Science for the Biomedical Sciences

This is the repository for the [`ds4biomed`](https://ds4biomed.tech/) materials.

## Download files and data

You can download the files and data to follow along the materials by clicking the green "Code" button on the top.
Then you can click "Download ZIP" to download the files.

## Binder cloud environment

If you are having installation issues,
there is a Binder instance with all the packages and datasets setup that you can use
in a browser.
You can click one of the Binder badges to launch a programming environment for you in the cloud.

Note that these instances can take a very long time to start up and install everything, it can take anywhere from 1 minute to over 30 minutes depending
on how long the last time someone has used a binder instance.

One caveat with Binder is that each instance does not persist any data.
So if you are idle for too long, or close out of the tab,
all the work you did within Binder will be lost.

You will need to either copy/paste your work to a place on your computer,
or export the files out of Binder if you wish to have files saved.

### R + RStudio

- R + RStudio: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/chendaniely/ds4biomed/learner?urlpath=rstudio)

### Python + Jupyter

- Python + JupyterLab: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/chendaniely/ds4biomed/learner)

## Technical notes

The files for the book are hosted in the `master` branch.
The `learner` branch contains the data and folder structure for leaners going through the materials
